README.markdown, before:

About
=====
DataLib is a data-collection manipulation library for Python.

More details to come..

Testing
=======
Prerequisites for running the test suite are py.test and pytest-coverage.
These can be installed like so (this may need to be run as root):

    easy_install py pytest-coverage

To run the test suite:

    make test

License
=======
Copyright (C) 2010 Adam Wagner <awagner83@gmail.com>, Kenny Parnell <k.parnell@gmail.com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published 
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

Added html coverage instructions to readme.

README.markdown, after:

About
=====
DataLib is a data-collection manipulation library for Python.

More details to come..

Testing
=======
Prerequisites for running the test suite are py.test and pytest-coverage.
These can be installed like so (this may need to be run as root):

    easy_install py pytest-coverage

To run the test suite:

    make test

To get a full html coverage report.
Coverage results will be saved to ./coverage

    make test_html_coverage

License
=======
Copyright (C) 2010 Adam Wagner <awagner83@gmail.com>,
Kenny Parnell <k.parnell@gmail.com>

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published 
by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
